[DOCS] Consolidates info for mapped case fields (#2417)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/cases-ui-integrations.asciidoc

- {kibana-ref}/swimlane-action-type.html[{swimlane} connector]
- {kibana-ref}/cases-webhook-action-type.html[{webhook-cm} connector]

[float]
[[mapped-case-fields]]
=== Mapped case fields

> To represent an {es-sec} case in an external system, {es-sec} case fields are mapped to existing fields in {sn}, {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}. Once fields are mapped, you can push updates to external systems and mapped fields are overwritten or appended. Retrieving data from external systems is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To represent an {elastic-sec} case in an external system, case fields are mapped to existing fields in {sn}, {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}. Once fields are mapped, you can push updates to external systems and mapped fields are overwritten or appended. Retrieving data from external systems is not supported.
```

|===

| *Case field* | *Mapped field*

| Title

a| The case `Title` field is mapped to corresponding fields in external systems. Mapped field values are overwritten when you push updates.

> * *{sn}*: Mapped to the `Short description` field.
> * *{jira}*: Mapped to the `Summary` field.
> * *{ibm-r}*: Mapped to the `Name` field.
> * *{swimlane}*: Mapped to the `Description` field.

Reviewer: The sentence above already says that the case field is mapped to an external field, so no need to repeat that in every bullet.
```suggestion
* *{sn}*: `Short description`
* *{jira}*: `Summary`
* *{ibm-r}*: `Name`
* *{swimlane}*: `Description`
```

| Description

> | The case `Description` field is mapped to the `Description` field in {sn}, {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}. Mapped field values are overwritten when you push updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The case `Description` field is mapped to the `Description` field in all external systems. Mapped field values are overwritten when you push updates.
```

Author: @stephmilovic is this the case for the Webhook Case management connector too?

Reviewer: Oops, didn't realize there were other external connectors

Author: There's just one more, and it's on me. I just remembered we added the Webhook - Case Management connector in 8.5. 

The Webhook - Case Management connector is kind of a special case because it gives users a way to connect to _any_ external case management system. Obviously, there's no way to predict or see the name of external field that'll hold the case's description (i.e., the external field that the Security case's `Description` field will map to). So, now I'm wondering if we even need to include mapping details about the  Webhook - Case Management connector here.

Reviewer: @nastasha-solomon From what I know about the Webhook - Case Mgmt connector, it sounds like a special case that might not fit into the hard-coded mappings in the list/table. Maybe a quick sentence or two in the intro could establish that with the Webhook connector, the mapped fields could vary, depending on the external system, etc.?

| Comments

> a| For {sn} connctors, the case `Comments` field is mapped to the `Work Notes` field in {sn}.
> 
> For {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane} connectors, the case `Comments` field is mapped to the `Comments` field in {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}.

Reviewer: This does involve a bit of repetition with the `Comments` field, but it's repeating meaningful information, not filler phrases.
```suggestion
a| The case `Comments` field is mapped to corresponding fields in external systems.

* *{sn}*: `Work Notes`
* *{jira}*: `Comments`
* *{ibm-r}*: `Comments`
* *{swimlane}*: `Comments`
```

Author: I considered this but thought it'd be too overbearing with all the other text, which you removed here :)

Author: @stephmilovic similar question here. Do we need to mention that the `Comments` field for the Webhook - Case Management connector likely maps to a `Comments` field in the external system the user is connecting to? Or, is that too much of an assumption to make? If it is, maybe we can omit that information all together.

Author: Not making changes here. Adding more info about the webhook cm connector to the section intro.

- {kibana-ref}/swimlane-action-type.html[{swimlane} connector]
- {kibana-ref}/cases-webhook-action-type.html[{webhook-cm} connector]

[float]
[[mapped-case-fields]]
=== Mapped case fields

> To represent an {elastic-sec} case in an external system, case fields are mapped to existing fields in {sn}, {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}. For the {webhook-cm} connector, case fields can mapped to custom or pre-existing fields in the external system you're connecting to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you export an {elastic-sec} case to an external system, case fields are mapped to existing fields in {sn}, {jira}, {ibm-r}, and {swimlane}. For the {webhook-cm} connector, case fields can be mapped to custom or pre-existing fields in the external system you're connecting to.
```

Author: I like this, thanks @benironside ! The language is simpler and easier to mentally picture.

> Once fields are mapped, you can push updates to external systems and mapped fields are overwritten or appended. Retrieving data from external systems is not supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once fields are mapped, you can push updates to external systems, and mapped fields are overwritten or appended. Retrieving data from external systems is not supported.
```
